Okay, so this what I've I just restarted I started a new recording that is so I might be wrong, but this is the purpose of this conversation right now is to form the basis of our founding event specification. Okay. So, the first thing that she asked Kyla that needs to go in is the nature of this thing is, this is a. This is an educational event for an interdisciplinary group of around 12 people, give or take one or two either way, but it's going to be around as it is right now, we' filling 12 seats. These are this is interdisciplinary. There's going to be a lawyer, an accountant, a psychologist, a cleric, a doctor, this this is a very broad set of disciplines. They are all in support of families that are dealing with transitions of wealth. We are training a group of people, what we call a cadre, to support families dealing with transitions of wealth. That's the purpose of this event. It is training. And it is building a team, the product of the event, or I should say that this is the first time that the entire group is meeting together and going through training. So that's sort of the preamble. This is what we're doing. This is what the facility has to support. That's our specification. We're telling them that these are the people. This is different than dealing with the Angus people. Like, beef salesmen. We're not dealing with beef salesmen. We're dealing with all post What do you call that? postsecondary education, almost all of them are all post-secondary education. They're all experts in their fields. These are JD's and MDs and PhDs and this is a a high caliber crowd all from different. So that's us telling them that colors the entire event. Okay, the event by design starts on Monday night. We want them arriving really, so we want to reception on. This is the founding, as we call it. starts on a Monday night with a reception that allows people to get into town and get in their room, feel settled, and a chance for there's a reception for the first time they're all meeting together at once. we will need a room, we will need some. We're not doing we're not doing alcohol.. We need options with respect. We don't want a full dinner. We don't want a buffet something. For your yourself. We need food and beverage for the reception. Yeah.. We need rooms for all 13 rooms because we have to stay someplace. 12 rooms for cadre members, a room for currently, the two people that are going to be running the thing. So it's 13 room block for three nights. Then we need breakfast, lunch, and dinner for sorry, breakfast, lunch, and dinner for Tuesday and Wednesday. We were sending them on their way on Thursday. What is going to be probably at a restaurant, though. Wednesday. We're flexible, depending on the venue, we're looking for an. I'll call it off campus, but at least see the eating at the Lord Essex, like, for instance, the Lord Essex at the calor is different than a sit down in a dedicated room Something that's a little more off site on site, if that makes sense. for one of those. Okay. Maybe both, but we've got breakfast lunch, so we've got we have a reception on a Monday night. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner, Tuesday, Wednesday, breakfast, and lunch on Thursday. Maybe something to send them on their way on Thursday if they need a snack for the road, that's.. something, you know, I don't know. But we're gonna be adjourning, we'll be adjourning 3 o'clock, 4 o'clock on Thursday. The we need a bundled price for the event space, the food. So and wait, this is where we talk about the four Es. Eat, sleep, meet, and retreat. part of the ask of the venue is also helping us understand the options for like the dinner on either Tuesday or Wednesday night. is there needs to be a retreat component to that.. We' we're not in the meeting rooms. We're someplace else, we're This is, you know the football game in Top Gun Maverick for a meal. It's offsite. It's something different. Building group. And the least understanding we're going to be this event is in its infancy. It's We haven't had one yet, so we're still designing, but at least in that spec, understanding that we're going to be, we want to understand what else is around the venue that can, like honey, at the end, for example, the innit Honey Run has walking trails right there. It's you can walk out the front door of the facility and there are walking trails. That's interesting. Again, this is what does it mean to have a have a retreat part of the event? We're still formulating, and it's still so the four Es to me, is critical for the specification of the event. That, to me, is a very simple, it's real simple guide. What's the eat? What's the sleep? What's the meat and what's the retreat? Okay. Do we want to have like a structure of time to do something like a walk, like go walk through the subway shops or something? I mean, do we want to.. This is retreatish, so I'm not sure. What are we're doing that yet? I'm not. No, no. No, I'm not sure. At very least, the dinner that's not in the same space, at See, that's the really the first, for me, that's the first retreat ish like thing. There may be in fact, curriculum exercises or have a like a retreat component. Okay. Remember the... Well, I'm not going to, because because of why I'm recording this. Okay, so what else have we talked about with? We want we know. You just said, remember the And then I stopped because I'm I'm going to take this transcript and have it. I want to show you what I'm talking about. Okay. We're going to use this converse, the transcript from this conversation is the.. And you said the beach scene in Top Gun because they went there to do like a team building thing. Yeah, here's our jet fighters are running around in the sand. Yeah. You know, fighter jet pilots are running around in the sand. What does that have to do with. So it's the it's not just the main line hospitality event, the conference, or what do you call this? Conference. These are conference facilities. I don't really understand. What do you call the three Es?. What do you call that? I don't know. It's the eat, sleep and meat stuff. That's standard. It's this retreat thing that's, I don't know yet. But. Okay. So. All right, so what else? we know we want is it a beverage service? Is it just water, is it just, I don't know. at least. I don't know. What do they call it? Coffee? start running coffee service? No, I don't have a bed. It's like tea and coffee. A beverage service that's available. Right. Okay. Up until when? Dug them out for the hole. Yeah, I, it's. It's they do it during the day. do... So.. It might be different for the reception. We know we're interested in. We're interested in that. Is there. You know, having snacks available, I'm not sure. I would be interested in understanding what a particular venue. Do you have a. And what I mean is by snack, I'm not even quite sure what I mean by snacks. They had their menu for snacks, too. So, but to me, it's like, is there something that's food is akin to the deadbridge service? You know, that it's there, it's it's not something that is going to dry out, it's it should be served cold or hot or something. It's Those Belveeta things or something? Some package. Something, something that is if somebody's hungry, they don't have to run to the vending machine, something, something. I don't know what's available. I can imagine that's different in each one of them, and maybe it is a... Maybe we say it the vending machines are down there if you get hungri or something, let us know if you need something. I don't know. I'm not sure. But if somebody gets peckish and it's distracting, food and drink is going to be part of the founding document. It is part of the member. They will have a document ahead. Here's how we're dealing with food and drink, so we will tighten that up because what we tell the cadre member is what we need supported at the venue. We do need to understand what is.. What you're talking about having stuff about you're saying just so that there's something light available so it doesn't become distraction. Yeah, we're trying trying to increase availability.. Having somebody roll in a wedding cake and slicing up a wedding cake, that's a distraction. Right. I'm sure people would love to have a piece of cake, but that's not supporting the event. Right. I'm not so sure about a pack of Oreos, though. It's like, I got very similar feelings to junk food as I do to alcohol. We need to be physically supportive without being preachy, without being moralistic about it. I don't I want to be supportive. I want to be supportive of human beings. And I understand there's a lot of variability in 100 trillion, you know, there's lots of variability on every 100 trillion. So What else needs to go into this specification in your mind?. If it's a holiday, if we have to land on a holiday, we start, the whole thing starts. It's Tuesday night, Wednesday night, Thursday night, we send people home Friday, but that's really, we probably just ought to avoid holiday weeks. Because that just kind of mucks stuff up. September's a holiday. Whatever. I don't. What does that make? You want to push it a week later? Lee? B, please, be real. What? I don't know. Sure. We can I don't want to screw around with Labor Day, and plus,.. I am't talked to one fricking candidate yet. Okay. Let's be real. Don't count your chickens before they're hatched. My ass has got to be out incubating. I gotta go sit on eggs. I gotta lay the damn eggs yet. Well, no, and it makes a difference because I need to be. The off events, look, we would be much better off. See, look, just for structure, we're dealing we're only working and we're only doing one of these things where we're not dealing with a holiday that's going to interfere. We need to start. We need to start on Monday night. We need to start on Monday night, Tuesday, Wednesday, we're leaving Thursday. Okay. I don't want to bump into It's a little bit of a concern to me that we're dealing with a Monday night, but some people, there will be people that'll squawk about it being a Monday night, but. Well. it's a Monday. Yes, during the. But this crowd right here, they don't want to be screwing around on weekends. They don't want to be... That's exactly. I mean, you notice how bad, to me, I think when I went to the rendezvous, they were tripping into the weekends. The first when I was going solo.. Oh.. I think they were doing weekends. Well, that woman I asked, "Are you coming back next year?" She said, "If I can get my company to pay for it, like a company sends somebody? It's during the work week. Right, yeah, but I'm not, well, yeah, yeah. Yes, right. But I'm talking about the nature of the people. The nature of the companies. I'm more interested in the nature of the people, of course. So money, right. So we're just staying off of holiday weeks. We're not doing holiday weeks. It's, I don't, yeah, I don't want it good. So. What else needs to go in this specification? that you can think of? Uh.. We don't really want alcohol. We really don't want junk food. Again, we're not, we're not moralistic. I I'm not quite sure how to. These issues of being supportive of human beings and the message here being high availability, all of it impacts what you're drinking. Are you exercising? There is something that's this, there probably is, earring got bent or something. Did it? this comes out partly. Oh, fine. I do. This is a This is not a spa event. but this is the impact on these families is the available of complete human beings. So to the extent that we can the whole thing has to have that feel. We owe, well, I want. Where is the fitness center, right? Where are Is there a fitness center? What are the fitness facilities? We need There needs to be a set of questions with this spec that we know whether we share all of the questions, some of them are we keep to ourselves. Is the staff accountable? Do they are they responsive? These are not things that we. Well, I don't know, but maybe we do. Maybe we will tell them. These are the questions we're going to be asking ourselves when we we're, is this staff responsive, if something happens, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. There's a really, that's an important part of the spec. Again, I'm not sure how much of that gets shared. I may be raw about it and share the whole bundle of questions that we're asking ourselves, that we're not asking them to fill out. Mm hmm. But a question section makes sense. Are they responsive if they say they're going to do something, do they follow through? Do they if they if something has to be, if a commitment has to be changed, do they communicate about the change? For instance, Kla said she was going to have the quote to us the next day and it didn't come in until Friday and she didn't say that it was going to be delayed. I don't think. No, maybe I missed it, but that kind of. This is a working relationship with these people. I'm we're not kidding. This is the thing we do for a living. Okay, that's this is how we earn our money, and this is a once a month thing for us and we're looking for a long-term relationship of significant asking for significant support. So that's what we're looking for that actually needs to go in the spec, right? We're looking for not a one off thing. We're looking for a long term relationship. Right. We don't want this to be one off. So that's an important part of the spec too, that's not going to come from that. No, I don't know. Do they offer, there questions and the question section, if we commit to if we commit to six of these events, is there a change in the price? I don't know. I can imagine. That would seem from looking from their point of view. Okay, that makes sense to me. You're going to spend of spending $10,000 with us, you're going to spend $60,000 with us. Okay, well, then that does that might impact the price. Hi. Flag quack.. We should do it again. Come back here. I'll whack you. Okay, what else, Lee? We need a question section, a venue question section. To go on the spec. Yeah. Um. What else? We're gonna miss a bunch of stuff, but. Okay, so that was 20 minute discussion. Okay.